so this dish is really more of a good
idea than it is any kind of fancy recipe
it's scrambled eggs
everybody can scramble let's face it but
it's got these good Mexican flavors and
other ingredients that kind of elevate
it and just make it something really
great to make for a Saturday or Sunday
morning when you want something other
than your basic pancakes or cereal it's
also really fun to make on a weeknight
when you want to make breakfast for
dinner I don't know about you but in our
house my kids and husband get kind of
excited when I'm like breakfast for
dinner tonight it's got a lot of the
classic Mexican flavors the avocado and
cilantro and pico de gallo it's got some
sour cream but it's just kind of a fresh
fun healthy take on an egg dish with
some Mexican Flair the first thing I do
is cook my sausage just cut it out of
the casing you don't want that gross
casing we just want the yummy meat
inside so take it out of the casing put
it in a pan dice it up get it nice and
cooked and then you're gonna take it out
and drain it in a paper towel so you
don't get all that extra grease you
don't need that grease but if you don't
want sausage in there you can definitely
leave it out it's just as delicious
without the meat and then it makes a
really good vegetarian option as well I
cracked my eggs into a bowl whisk them
around I always add a little bit of milk
I find that just makes my eggs a little
lighter and fluffier in the end pour
your eggs into a buttered pan and just
start to scramble them up when they're
about halfway cooked through I pour my
sausage back in I add some fresh chopped
chives and some cheddar cheese
this is not an omelet this is a scramble
the point is to get in there and
scramble these flavors up so once your
eggs are ready to go take them out put
them on your plate and then you're gonna
top them with your yummy Mexican
ingredients so I slice some fresh
avocado and I put a layer of avocado
over the whole top of my scramble I take
a Dolf of sour cream put that down
then I take a big dollop of fresh pico
de gallo put that on there and then I
just put a sprig of cilantro right on
top gives it some color and I love that
cilantro flavor some people really
aren't into cilantro so you definitely
don't have to add that if you don't like
it I just like it on top then I heat up
some corn tortillas I roll those up and
serve those on the side and then you can
just figure out how you want to eat it
you can make it your own you can just
eat it like scrambled eggs or you can
scoop them up with your fork and put
them inside the tortillas and make um
you little burritos it's really whatever
you want if you like Mexican food this
is just a really nice dish it's so
simple it's scrambled eggs how much
easier can you get than that so I
strongly suggest you try it make it for
breakfast for dinner one night give it a
shot it's really good